Science Fairy
Based On:Brigitte West
Bio: Science fairy loves all three of the sciences equally - she has an extensive flora and fauna knowledge of the wood, she is a dab hand at creating 
all kinds of cosmetics potions and when the sun has gone to sleep, she can name every single star in the sky - and what their atomic makeup is. The other 
fairies look to her for advice on what materials to use when. To date she has invented a magical putty for engineering fairy to reduce the need for nuts and
bolts and a special energy potion for tech fairy to keep her awake during hackathons.
Color 1:
Color 2:


Tech Fairy
Based On:anne-marie imafidon
Bio:Tech fairy knows all things about the wood wide web and coding. She spends her weekends kicking ass at hackathons and she loves social media too - helping the 
other fairies to share their creations via her own social network - ***the tree branch**. She is currently working on her own visual programming language to 
help everyone understand how much fun coding can be. 
Color 1:#FF8000
Color 2:


Engineering Fairy
Based On:roma agrawal
Bio:Engineering fairy is the go to gal when it comes to designing your perfect tree house. She has a detailed and extensive knowledge of all construction materials 
available in the wood and has completed many tree hollowing projects for those fairies who prefer an in-the-tree house. In her spare time she is helping science
fairy design the first fairy space craft and building an eco friendly data centre for tech fairys social network that will heat 90% of the homes in the wood from
the excess heat generated by the servers. 
Color 1:
Color 2:


Maths Fairy
Based On: Maryam Mirzakhani
Bio:Maths Fairy is the leader and spends most of her time collaborating with the other fairies - because they all need math to a certain extent. 
When she has a spare moment between calculating measures of chemical potions with science fairy or working out the perfect angle for supporting struts with
engineering fairy she likes to use her extensive and detailed knowledge of geometry to create wing designs that are beautiful to the eye and to the mind - especially
fractals.
Color 1:
Color 2: